WHAT IS IT guy is one can make it now and you will be working it that counts setting so you can see
that I explain you everything here.
So I don't think so if I need to explain you this is on my account page.
This is our registration.
I explain to you that we need to enable the registration on the checkout page and able to customer registration
on my account page if someone visits my account page.
So let me just open up the private tab and let's just enter the as five complete table because dot com.
OK.
And then here if someone wants to just go to my account page then you can see that we only have given
the access to log in and retest and entered a password.
We haven't given the access to register to say so.
You will.
You can dislike that the only customer I can only read Dyster on the checkout page.
Not the My Account page.
So if you want them to just register to your website on my account page you will enable it and then
you will hit save changes.
OK.
And then when someone will come here he will just come here and he will refresh and then you will see
that register page is also coming right here.
Register for.
OK so a person can enter his email address password and then he can register himself.
So this is how the registration works.
Then we have the log in display return thing customer and log in reminder on checkout page.
OK.
So it will show on checkout page if I just go to this right here and then I go to show prayed here.
And then I also just go.
Go ahead and head to court.
OK.
And then I would go to view card Krait here and then I proceed to check out.
So you can see that this is showing returning customer.
Click here to log in.
OK.
So this is showing that.
So this is showing that thing that is displayed returning customer or reminder on checkout page is that
automatically generate a user name for a customer e-mail automatically generate customer password.
OK so you can also automatically generate customer password and then you can send them to e-mail but
let the customer set his own password why you want to generate it.
OK.
So then we have the otter's view on downloads and everything right here.
And this is totally done.
So let's just go ahead let's save changes and I can see that everything has been changed so let's go
to email right now.
And this is also I have already explained so I don't think so if I need to explain to you that e-mail
would be from this e-mail address in the From address would be.
So you have to basically enter your domain name address.
I'll show you how you can create your domain e-mail address that will be in full at your domain name
dot com.
So I will show you later on not right now but I will show you.
OK.
And then we have the header image we have the footer text.
Ok then we have the base color back from body body school and everything.
So you can just manage these of the customization of the e-mail.
OK.
And then we have the API you guys will really know about the API.
I've told you that you can connect your site with different applications.
Never learn about print full how you can connect print fulva this in the later on.
OK so now we're totally done with the settings.
OK so thanks a lot guys for watching.
Still here in the next video we'll be discussing different types of products we'll add some more categories
of design are this basic e-commerce based Web site.
OK.
And then the evil for a bit more.
So Stadion guys and.